if you love pot stickers at your
favorite Chinese restaurant you'll
definitely want to try this recipe it's
submitted by Allrecipes member ie
who uses ground beef and ground shrimp
instead of the usual pork filling it's
great to see a non pork recipe for pot
stickers adds member a Vita this recipe
makes fifty dumplings but we've cut it
in half here to make 25 the uncooked
dumplings freeze wonderfully if you do
make the larger quantity we'll start by
making the filling put half a pound of
raw peeled and deveined shrimp in a food
processor process until the shrimp are
finely ground transfer them into a large
bowl next you want to finely grind your
beef in the food processor you'll use
two pounds set it aside in the bowl of
the shrimp now add 1/2 tbsp of minced
fresh ginger half a minced shallot four
chopped green onions 2 chopped leaves of
napa cabbage 1 tablespoon of soy sauce
1/2 a teaspoon of Asian sesame oil this
is the toasted kind it's dark brown
rather than light a pinch of sugar a
pinch of salt and ground white pepper to
taste
mix until everything is well combined
this recipe makes a lot of extra filling
which you can freeze for use later on
place a wrapper on the work surface in
front of you and put a little less than
a teaspoon of filling in the center dip
your finger in water and want it along
the outside edge of the wrapper to
moisten it fold the wrapper over into a
Halfmoon shape as you seal the dumplings
be sure to press out any air from the
center if you like make several pleats
in one side of the wrapper as you seal
the edges
this gives the dumpling their
traditional look put the shaped pot
stickers on a parchment lined baking
sheet and keep them refrigerated as you
assemble the remaining dumplings if you
do make extra dumplings freeze them on
the baking sheet transfer the dumplings
to airtight plastic bags once they've
frozen to avoid sticking together now
it's time to cook the dumplings though
they're called pot stickers you don't
want them to stick so add a little
vegetable oil about two tablespoons to
the bottom of a nonstick skillet heat it
over medium heat and add enough pot
stickers to make a single layer in the
pan put them flat side down and don't
crowd the pan let the dumplings fry
without disturbing them until the
bottoms are golden brown about 1 to 2
minutes turn the dumplings over add a
quarter cup of water and cover the pan
with the lid let the dumplings steamed
until the water is nearly evaporated 5
to 7 minutes you'll know when the water
is gone because you'll start to hear
sizzling and frying sounds when the pot
stickers begin to fry in the oil again
uncover the skillet and let the
potstickers cook until the wrapper has
completely shrunk down around the
filling and the water is completely
evaporated for another two to three
minutes
all recipes member a gussick says these
are delicious labor-intensive but I
froze most of them prior to cooking and
they tasted just as good as the freshly
made ones serve them with a soy dipping
sauce
you